[GCP VertexAI] Update dashboard and documentation & Fix field mapping (#11659)
elastic/integrations: packages/gcp_vertexai/_dev/build/docs/README.md

## Data streams

### Metrics

The GCP Vertex AI includes **Vertex AI Model Garden Publisher Model** metrics under the publisher category and the **Vertex AI Endpoint** metrics under the prediction category.

#### Requirements

You need Elasticsearch for storing and searching your data and Kibana for visualizing and managing it.
You can use our hosted Elasticsearch Service on Elastic Cloud, which is recommended, or self-manage the Elastic Stack on your own hardware.

Before using any GCP integration you will need:

* **GCP Credentials** to connect with your GCP account.
* **GCP Permissions** to make sure the service account you're using to connect has permission to share the relevant data.

#### Roles & Permissions

There isn't a single, specific role required to view metrics for Vertex AI. Access depends on how the models are deployed and the permissions granted to your Google Cloud project and user account. 

However, to summarize the necessary permissions and implied roles, you'll generally need a role that includes the following permissions:

> - **monitoring.metricDescriptor.list:** This permission allows you to list available metric descriptors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **monitoring.metricDescriptor.list:** Allows you to list available metric descriptors.
```

> - **monitoring.timeSeries.list:** This permission lets you list time series data for the metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **monitoring.timeSeries.list:** Allows you to list time series data for the metrics.
```

> These permissions are included in many roles, but here are some of the most likely candidates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These permissions are included in many roles, but here are some of the most common ones:
```

- **roles/monitoring.viewer:** This role provides read-only access to Cloud Monitoring metrics.
- **roles/aiplatform.user:** This role grants broader access to Vertex AI, including model viewing and potentially metric access.

> - **More granular roles:** For finer-grained control (recommended for security best practices), consider using a custom role built with the specific permissions needed. This would only include the necessary permissions to view model metrics, rather than broader access to all Vertex AI or Cloud Monitoring resources. This requires expertise in IAM (Identity and Access Management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **More granular roles:** For fine-grained control (recommended for security best practices), consider using a custom role built with the specific permissions needed. This would only include the necessary permissions to view model metrics, rather than broader access to all Vertex AI or Cloud Monitoring resources. This requires expertise in IAM (Identity and Access Management).
```

> - **Predefined roles with broader access:** These roles like roles/aiplatform.user or roles/editor provide extensive permissions within the Google Cloud project, giving access to metrics but granting much broader abilities than necessary for just viewing metrics. These are generally too permissive unless necessary for other tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Predefined roles with broader access:** These roles provide extensive permissions within the Google Cloud project, giving access to metrics but granting much broader abilities than necessary for just viewing metrics. These are generally too permissive unless necessary for other tasks. Examples are `roles/aiplatform`.user or `roles/editor`.
```

#### Configuration

> For fetching the metrics, users need to enter the project_id and the credentials file/json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch the metrics, enter the project_id and the credentials file/json.
```

> Refer to the [Google Cloud Platform configuration](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/integrations/gcp#configure-the-integration-settings) page for more information about the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Google Cloud Platform configuration](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/integrations/gcp#configure-the-integration-settings) for more information about the configuration.
```

#### Troubleshooting

> Refer to the [Google Cloud Platform troubleshooting](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/integrations/gcp#metrics-collection-configuration:~:text=to%20collect%20metrics.-,Troubleshooting,-If%20you%20don%27t) page for more information about troubleshooting the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Google Cloud Platform troubleshooting](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/integrations/gcp#metrics-collection-configuration:~:text=to%20collect%20metrics.-,Troubleshooting,-If%20you%20don%27t) for more information about troubleshooting the issue.
```

> #### Metrics Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Metrics reference
```
